and that is going to be Jorge vergara for the
next tournament because I insist there
many doubts still when a team of
the category of the magnitude of chivas
It is three points from the zone of
descent I think something with those bulbs
permanently lit reds have to
do they should do something
righ now
but is that approved to invest will take
because they have more home players
beyond the investment that is intended
It has to be important because it
they sell expensive to chivas has to
exchange players I think a
nigris aldo in the system that they have
current I do not know I do not know if it can work
with more extremes in one time like this has
presence but good something in go and I
I think what several teams did
and there to be able to do some exchange and
out there some others the same chatón
Enriquez, who at the time called a lot
the attention of Bergara himself
Promoted a lot can be played
quoted can be counted games that
they did not work that does not work and marked
Fabián no longer worked in Chivas and
work until what back
what was not stable not that
come back more can not go back
but it would be we are talking about there
players that for some reason having
a lot of quality a lot of talent are not already
surrendering in chivas those players who
I think they do have something still
quote can go to the times I
I think the chatón enríquez can be
a good currency and nothing else
aldo de nigris I what has been
operated or rafa marquez I do not think that the
team is doing and everything plays well
goals but he did not play well morelia that's why
I did not put it in third place by dint of
be mentioned names and the other then
is to have money to buy them if
they have money is the problem of chivas
it's not that they do not have a line, I think
chivas has to go through oribe peralta
he has to go for the best players
what's in the market has to go by
very good containment come out of the
chivas and they go to the selection case of
ponce case of fabian like this happens with chivas
something happens
and it has to go for extremes I think that
aldo de nigris gets tired because pablo
barrier for example that stood out in pumas
who went to play in England and who has
already had two operations here or one
second and that is recovering in core
blue does not have the will and right now can
be a player that exploded with the volpe
It can be if if you look for it you need a
goalkeeper experience I do not think he's
it is better to invest in forwards and
midfielders that a goalkeeper program
if you have a coach that does have
offensive vocation put together a team
Arman offensive team really
offensive with prestes will be made the
president of day 4 runs to the
volpe good to come that I think Jorge
vergara beyond some
contradictions that have had as everything
the world I think he has always
defended an offensive project always
if he dares him as owner he always wants
when
brought arias arias arias has not gone all
we criticized the world but there it was
they say achar that was part of their
advisory council